# 13.17-boiling-andfreezing-points
//Design a class that stores a temperature in a temperature member variableand has the //appropriate accessorand mutator functions.In addition to appropriate constructors, //the class should have the following member functions : //• isEthylFreezing.This function should return the bool value true if the temperature stored in the temperature field is at or below the freezing point of ethyl //alcohol.Otherwise, the function should return false. //• isEthylBoiling.This function should return the bool value true if the temperature stored in the temperature field is at or above the boiling point of ethyl alcohol. //Otherwise, the function should return false. //• isOxygenFreezing.This function should return the bool value true if the temperature stored in the temperature field is at or below the freezing point of oxygen. //Otherwise, the function should return false. //• isOxygenBoiling.This function should return the bool value true if the temperature stored in the temperature field is at or above the boiling point of oxygen. //Otherwise, the function should return false. //• isWaterFreezing.This function should return the bool value true if the temperature stored in the temperature field is at or below the freezing point of water. //Otherwise, the function should return false. //• isWaterBoiling.This function should return the bool value true if the temperature stored in the temperature field is at or above the boiling point of water. //Otherwise, the function should return false. //Write a program that demonstrates the class.The program should ask the user to enter //a temperature and then display a list of the substances that will freeze at that temperature and those that will boil at that temperature.For example, if the temperature is −20 //the class should report that water will freeze and oxygen will boil at that temperature.
